gh-71494: string.Formatter unnumbered key/attributes (#21767)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-08-07-16-55-57.bpo-27307.Xqzzda.rst

> Add support for format strings like '{.name}' and '{[1]}' already supported by str.format to string.Formatter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add attribute and item access support to :class:`string.Formatter` in auto-numbering mode, which allows format strings like '{.name}' and '{[1]}'.
```

Author: Accepted verbatim.
